PHREAK WARS BBS DOOR - LICENSE AGREEMENT
==========================================

Copyright (c) 2025 AmiExpress-Web Project

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR PHREAK WARS
================================

1. EDUCATIONAL PURPOSE: This game is designed for educational purposes to teach
   about the history of computing, telecommunications, and computer security.
   It is not intended to encourage or facilitate illegal activities.

2. HISTORICAL ACCURACY: The game contains historically accurate depictions of
   1980s computer underground culture, phone phreaking techniques, and BBS
   systems. All content is presented in an educational context.

3. CONTENT WARNING: The game contains themes of illegal activities (as they
   existed in the 1980s), economic crime, and underground culture. It is
   intended for mature audiences and should not be used to promote real-world
   criminal activities.

4. DISTRIBUTION: You may freely distribute this game to other AmiExpress-Web
   sysops, provided that this license agreement accompanies all copies.

5. MODIFICATIONS: You may modify the game for your own use, but modified
   versions should clearly indicate that they are not the original work.

6. SUPPORT: The original developer provides this software as-is with no
   warranty of support or maintenance.

7. ATTRIBUTION: If you redistribute this game, please include appropriate
   attribution to the AmiExpress-Web project and acknowledge the historical
   research that went into its development.

DISCLAIMER
==========

This software is a work of fiction and educational entertainment. It depicts
historical events and technologies from the 1980s computer underground scene.
The developers do not condone or encourage any illegal activities, past or
present.

Phone phreaking, software cracking, and unauthorized computer access were
illegal activities in the 1980s and remain illegal today. This game is
presented solely for educational and entertainment purposes.

By installing and using Phreak Wars, you acknowledge that you understand
these terms and agree to use the software responsibly.

---
Phreak Wars v1.0.0
Licensed under MIT License
Developed for AmiExpress-Web BBS Systems